Two young Nigerians helped give him hope again.

Awofeso Adebola, 23, and Ifeoluwa Ayomide, 22, had well-paying jobs in the Nigerian parliament. Then Adebola visited the displaced person camp in Durumi, outside the capital city of Abuja, to donate relief materials. That's where Zachariah lives. The camp is home to some 2,000 people who've fled from the attacks of Boko Haram, which is fighting to carve out an Islamic state in the north of the country.

"They were shooting people and burning down homes," the bristly-haired teenager says, tears welling up in his eyes. "My family trekked for four days with little food and water." That was in June 2014.

In the camp, life is better, but there aren't a lot of services available. It's hard to get drinking water. And it's been hard to get an education. The Nigerian government runs the camp but doesn't give a lot of financial support, so donations from aid groups, individuals and churches help fill the gaps.

The government originally established a school but did not provide teachers, so most of the children stayed away.

That's what Adebola noticed when he first visited, and what made him return. Soon, Ayomide joined him.

"I was amazed at how much time and effort he was putting in the camp, and I was inspired to support him," Ayomide says.

Even though they had no training, the two young men decided to start a school.

At first, Adebola and Ayomide juggled their government jobs with teaching, but halfway into the project, they quit completely in order to devote all their time to the school. Right now, they're living off their savings, support from family and friends and individual donations.

They feel that for the students, their personal sacrifices are worth it.

"We usually hold regular discussions where we ask them [the students] to tell us their future ambitions. Then we tell them what they must do to achieve, how hard they must study and work," Ayomide said.

The camp classroom is made of wooden poles covered with tarps, with a few desks and blackboards. There is no formal curriculum yet, but with the help of a dozen other volunteers, Adebola and Ayomide teach English, math, history, civics, health, agricultural science and elementary science, using whatever materials they can get their hands on.

Their students, ages four to 14, take regular classes from 8 a.m. until 2 p.m., and in between, go on short breaks to use the amusement facilities in the center of the camp — a metal swing and a manually-powered carousel.
